Sridevi nsoe 1 10 001 release updates (#77)
netscaler/netscaler-observability-exporter: docs/deploy-coe-with-Kafka.md

        {
            "Endpoints": {
              "KAFKA": {

>                 "ServerUrl": "X.X.X.X:9092,Y.Y.Y.Y:9092", #Specify the Kafka broker IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "ServerUrl": "X.X.X.X:9092,Y.Y.Y.Y:9092", #Specify the bootstrap Kafka broker addresses (separated by comma in case multiple bootstrap brokers are to be configured)
```]

            "Endpoints": {
              "KAFKA": {
                "DataFormat": "JSON",

>                 "ServerUrl": "X.X.X.X:9092,Y.Y.Y.Y:9092", #Specify the Kafka broker IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "ServerUrl": "X.X.X.X:9092,Y.Y.Y.Y:9092", #Specify the bootstrap Kafka broker addresses (separated by comma in case multiple bootstrap brokers are to be configured)
```
